because of the low number of jobs while the news like this
was even kidnapped by the cases is not this way
Ansa Querencia and below this
river is no longer that side
who would say
I want to cry of happiness for the Senate rising
love
I'm going to warm up, we're going up.
In Sao Paulo, the violence is a dying and a sig
as of March
besides the subestablishment senator psd / m babassu to accompany everything
the senator
say that nobody knows anything
I do not see anything delaying this date and time.
but the ricardo will rise in life
first case of dengue
inter lives saying there that to take care all the care and affection of the
delay takes more time in germany
do not listen to me
calm
I
it will be an anomaly
it was nothing serious
not to mention its best wave of tourists the greatest grace
to crown the club wants to pay
Who wants me to do what I do abandoned house?
I just wanted you to stay
- I'm looking for an old lady
already the surprise operation the uncoupled
the negative side
We know
he would have said that here is a good mark
Who called him
the suspect was hiding something, I find it very sad that there was something
I do not know who's in there.
but only
I need you to follow the lobby and three here.
and a little
I'm going out on a due diligence with the mayor
if any clue
it seems so
but I do not want to do anything
This business of staying private
because it's a family affair
now I understand the sata means that we have to preserve the privacy of the
people is not
What we have to be discrete is not
New York, what do I need to do?
I need you to use
everything to her life after having her the lady beatriz while we leave
when news 1 5% but rather a slow
We trust you according to the column.
let's go synthetic
enough senators
If I say I'll stay here in Felix.
data sheet saints and corinthians you do not invest in insurance
custom half of the season I want to know what's going on
last night
This is better to go home.
that you two
What was with the fighter's father?
Dora decides to sleep
more than that can not help anything back home
There's been more than ten days of sex
with the recall
but this is reserved subject
he died
at 30
But the crisis, since you're going to stay here with us, I'm going to enjoy it.
This chance and that's okay.
we later lose your competence
Latvia
I do not want to get any explanation
I want to know who who if the instrumentation misses an ass he talks
that the delegate
black or slanderous
the opinions made here on the blog of the scurvy of the carrion almost reach that
newspaper stayed in room
fox is on
taken folk break companies if it were I am political mayor
olivier his prefect
was delegated by day as bar I do not have time to have thermal discomfort
and by the police to have an index is an achievement of the senator's disappearance
Toucan
and if I did not want to go
press disturbing my research
and the mayor in a press statement
according to a spokeswoman for MEPs
we have something that happens to you
Rodrigo
You know very well that I've always been very affectionate, poor things.
but this will excuse me because we have something percent to do I go
know what it is and where we have a quota that led you want to be arrested for
vein obstruction
we all have to support the particular delegate
I am just exercising my right to freedom of the press so I will have
been a lightning bolt that the years gone probably ended
the reds colloquy
the delegated people have the right to know what is happening
it was time that the authority to gag ba voice of the citizen delegated studies
about proves this tite left a letter sent to the house of mercy of
cuiabá with the support of redetv the delegate, I would very much like
what we have here the Mayor Mayor as witness Babu climb
arbitrariness on the part of the police
Mayor lucivone is talking
eye
a luxury
dumb
we were there in that area
on location the senator
in the national ranking
ae
but it's over
jaboticabal